# Personal development
I started the course as a total newcomer. Although I am already in my third year at my home university, this 1st year module was something completely new for me and presented me with some challenges. Since I am studying a degree with a focus on business informatics at my home university, I was able to gain completely new approaches and ways of thinking in this course - both in terms of content and structure. <br><br>
My insights into the **content** can be found both in the summary and in the individual blogposts. <br><br>
**Structurally**, I have found that such seminars enable a completely different approach to topics. Through the interactive exchange with other students, exciting new perspectives and ways of thinking can be discovered. The possibility of contacting the lecturer at any time also helped me a lot in structuring my project and finding approaches together.  <br><br>
I was also able to further my **technical education** within the project. I got to know GitHub, learned Markdown as a new programming language, learned how to work with GitHub templates / themes, how to integrate images / links / videos / etc. and generally how easy it is to create websites to convince or inform people about a topic - a great thing! I was also able to deepen my research skills through the necessary literature review, improve my work with literature management tools and also gain whole new insights into topics such as AI chatbots, paraphrasing tools, image and video generation programmes and much more.<br><br>
**Personally**, I also gained a core insight: It's not bad to fail. I initially worked in a [wrong direction](https://2200082.github.io/minima/), noticed this, felt severely overwhelmed for a moment, but then re-positioned myself and have now arrived at this final result, which I am very happy with! It was also successfully demonstrated to me that asking for help is not a weakness but only a sign of strength.
